README.rst, before:

EC2 Metadata Service Imposter
=============================

This service was created to ease the usage AWS SDK tools with using
assumed roles in your development environment.

Installation
------------

``pip install imposter``

Usage
-----

``imposter --profile <AWS CLI profile name> [--bind [host]:port](169.254.169.254:80)``

If the service detects you do not have the private IP address
169.254.169.254, it will attempt to create it for you with sudo. It will
also ask for credentials so that you can run the service on privileged
ports.

Your AWS CLI config
-------------------

Your AWS CLI config should *not* have credentials in the ``default``
profile, otherwise the AWS SDK will look there for credentials before
looking for the EC2 Metadata service. Instead, have your config profiles
point to a separate, non-default section with your credentials, e.g.

::

    [profile teamrole1]
    role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/teamrole1
    source_profile = myidentity
    role_session_name = teamrole1

    [profile teamrole2]
    role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/teamrole2
    source_profile = myidentity
    role_session_name = teamrole2

    [myidentity]
    aws_access_key_id = ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRST
    aws_secret_access_key = abcdefghij1234567890abcdefghij1234567890

Commit message:

Updated to v0.0.6.  Added ability to switch roles on the command line

README.rst, after:

EC2 Metadata Service Imposter
=============================

This service was created to ease the usage AWS SDK tools with using
assumed roles in your development environment.

Installation
------------

``pip install imposter``

Usage
-----

Launching the service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

``imposter --profile <AWS CLI profile name> [--bind [host]:port](169.254.169.254:80) [-D] (daemonize)``

If the service detects you do not have the private IP address
169.254.169.254, it will attempt to create it for you with sudo. It will
also ask for credentials so that you can run the service on privileged
ports.

Stopping the service
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

``imposter --stop``

Switching roles
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

``imposter --profile <AWS CLI profile name>``

If the service is running, it will attempt to switch the active role. If
not, it will launch it. Switching roles is equivalent to running

``curl -XPOST http://169.254.169.254/roles/<profilename>``

Your AWS CLI config
-------------------

Your AWS CLI config should *not* have credentials in the ``default``
profile, otherwise the AWS SDK will look there for credentials before
looking for the EC2 Metadata service. Instead, have your config profiles
point to a separate, non-default section with your credentials, e.g.

::

    [profile teamrole1]
    role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/teamrole1
    source_profile = myidentity
    role_session_name = teamrole1

    [profile teamrole2]
    role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/teamrole2
    source_profile = myidentity
    role_session_name = teamrole2

    [myidentity]
    aws_access_key_id = ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRST
    aws_secret_access_key = abcdefghij1234567890abcdefghij1234567890
