README.md, before:

# EC2 Metadata Service Imposter
This service was created to ease the usage AWS SDK tools with using assumed roles in your development environment.

## Installation
`pip install imposter`

## Usage

`imposter --profile <AWS CLI profile name> [--bind [host]:port](169.254.169.254:80)`

If the service detects you do not have the private IP address 169.254.169.254, it will attempt to create it for you with sudo.  It will also ask for credentials so that you can run the service on privileged ports.

## Your AWS CLI config
Your AWS CLI config should *not* have credentials in the `default` profile, otherwise the AWS SDK will look there for credentials before looking for the EC2 Metadata service.  Instead, have your config profiles point to a separate, non-default section with your credentials, e.g.

```
[profile teamrole1]
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/teamrole1
source_profile = myidentity
role_session_name = teamrole1

[profile teamrole2]
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/teamrole2
source_profile = myidentity
role_session_name = teamrole2

[myidentity]
aws_access_key_id = ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRST
aws_secret_access_key = abcdefghij1234567890abcdefghij1234567890
```

Commit message:

Updated to v0.0.6.  Added ability to switch roles on the command line

README.md, after:

# EC2 Metadata Service Imposter
This service was created to ease the usage AWS SDK tools with using assumed roles in your development environment.

## Installation
`pip install imposter`

## Usage

### Launching the service
`imposter --profile <AWS CLI profile name> [--bind [host]:port](169.254.169.254:80) [-D] (daemonize)`

If the service detects you do not have the private IP address 169.254.169.254, it will attempt to create it for you with sudo.  It will also ask for credentials so that you can run the service on privileged ports.

### Stopping the service
`imposter --stop`

### Switching roles
`imposter --profile <AWS CLI profile name>`

If the service is running, it will attempt to switch the active role.  If not, it will launch it.  Switching roles is equivalent to running

`curl -XPOST http://169.254.169.254/roles/<profilename>`

## Your AWS CLI config
Your AWS CLI config should *not* have credentials in the `default` profile, otherwise the AWS SDK will look there for credentials before looking for the EC2 Metadata service.  Instead, have your config profiles point to a separate, non-default section with your credentials, e.g.

```
[profile teamrole1]
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/teamrole1
source_profile = myidentity
role_session_name = teamrole1

[profile teamrole2]
role_arn = arn:aws:iam::123456789012:role/teamrole2
source_profile = myidentity
role_session_name = teamrole2

[myidentity]
aws_access_key_id = ABCDEFGHIJKLMNOPQRST
aws_secret_access_key = abcdefghij1234567890abcdefghij1234567890
```
